To start the game, each player throws the dice. The Pleb with the highest total starts the game. 

Then each Pleb places their miner on the block marked "Genesis Block”.

Once all miners are on the 'Genesis Block', afirst player rolls the dice and move the number of spaces indicated by the dice.

The miners remain on the block they landed on and the next miner will begin their roll.

Once all miners have rolled the dice, the miner with the highest number rolled will be awarded the block reward. 

If a transcaction is conducted (whether adding/subtracting UTXO's) the UTXO/Bitcoin will be added to the each indivual miners wallet on the Ledger sheet. 
[If a miner is instructed to subtract UTXO/Bitcoin that they do not have, the miner will forfeit the remainder of their stack to the directed address. If the miner
has no UTXO/Bitcoin in their wallet, they will disregard the cards instructions.]

Two or more miners may rest on the same block at the same time.

If one or both dice roll off the board, land on or lean against a card deck, the roll is invalid. Roll the dice again.

If you throw doubles, you move your miner to the amount of spaces indicated on the dice. No extra rolls for rolling doubles. No CANTILLIONAIRE EFFECT here.

Documenting Transactions:
After each miner rolls, if they are insructed to add/subtract UTXO/Bitcoin to their wallet, they will document this under their wallet in the current block. The 
transaction MUST be documented prior to the next miner rolling the dice. 

Validating Blocks:
Before moving to the next block, the miners will add/subtract from their current wallet total and add the new sum of UTXO/Bitcoin to the next block under their
wallet address. After all transactions have taken place and all miners have rolled, the block needs to be valiated by over 50% of the miners (i.e. If there are 
5 players, at least 3 miners need to confirm that the current block is valid.). Once validation is completed, the miners can move onto the next block and start 
rolling for their next turn. 

Block Rewards:
Block rewards will be given to the miner who has rolled the highest number on that turn amongst all miners. 

Halvings:
The halvings will take place every seven (7) blocks [In other terms, after every miner has rolled seven (7) times.] Block rewards will follow the same issuance 
schedule as the Bitcoin protocol. (There will be a card with the exact amount of rewards per Epoch from the first to last Epoch.)

Buying Mining Farms & Adding Racks to Minig Farms:
The game board has four (4) mining farms {Hut8, Riot Blockchain, Blockstream Mining, Core Scientific}. These mining farms can be purchased(the cost?). A miner can 
add a total of two (2) racks to each individual mining farm. Each individual rack adds +1 to the miners roll {i.e. Players Roll Total + (Amount of racks * 1) = New Players Roll Total}.
A miner can purchase as many mining farms as they want (Free Market Capitalism). By adding this feature, this can increase your chances of hitting the block reward. 

Exchanges:
The game board has four (4) exchanges {Swan, Strike, Cash App, River Financial}. Any miner can land on these blocks as many times possible during the entirety of
the game. A miner will be rewarded UTXO/Bitcoin (amount to be determined). It does not matter if their is another miner on the block and another miner also lands on the block,
both miners will be rewarded UTXO/Bitcoin. 






